Support for NumPy 2.2 (#9919)
numba/numba: docs/source/reference/pysupported.rst

The ``PYTHONHASHSEED`` environment variable influences the hashing behavior in
precisely the manner described in the CPython documentation.

> Note: NumPy 2.2 onwards ``np.timedelta`` and ``np.datetime`` hashes do not match
> NumPy hashes. Previous to NumPy 2.2 ``np.timedelta`` hashes were equivalent to
> the integer value of the timedelta. NumPy 2.2 onwards, they are equivalent to
> the CPython hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: From NumPy 2.2 onwards, hash values for ``numpy.timedelta64`` and
          ``numpy.datetime64`` instances computed in Numba compiled code do not
          match the NumPy hash values of the same. Prior to NumPy 2.2, NumPy
          hash values for ``numpy.timedelta64`` and ``numpy.datetime64``
          instances were equivalent to their integer value representation. From
          NumPy 2.2 onwards, their hash value is the same as the hash of the
          equivalent type from the ``datetime`` module, Numba does not replicate
          this behaviour.
```
